added note for the skipp in case of SNYK-9999 (#1045)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/code-quality-security/snyk/snyk.md

5. Modify the [configuration](#configuration-structure) according to your needs.
6. Click `Resync`.

> :::note
> In a case where an api request to Snyk's api will receive code `SNYK-9999`, it's result will be skipped.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
In a case where an api request to Snyk's api will receive error code `SNYK-9999` which means that Snyk experienced an internal error, the resync continue to export and log that error.  This might result in some data missing from the portal. In such cases head to the Event Log inside the integration section and look for that error it will have all the information required to contact snyk to investigate that error 
:::
```
